let's get the cards in the air good luck
we should make a no bluffing rule we
should make a rule where if you Bluff
you have to show that way I could see
all your hands - we'll see
okay I'm gonna raise you my bluff is
more possible jack seven for Negreanu he
raises to twelve hundred grace oh my
goodness already you're bluffing
he's queen for mini Arry raises the 3800
we're gonna make the bluffing rule we
have to show so many hands hey Daniel
fold I forgot who I was playing for a
second mini Arry takes the first pot
what we played one hand he's Bluff one
hand already it's incredible yeah right
a monster I was really to five bet yeah
I'm sure you were
Dario's HD at compliments of our
godaddy.com pocket cam he raises to 1500
you gotta admire how relaxed both of
these players are they're really having
a good time out here King 10 for Daniel
he calls
Daniel pears his town on the flop and
checks check from in the airy board
pears on the turn Daniel tried to get
Dario to bet the flop now he'll have to
bet the turn Sam not like you I have a
pears when I bet ever gets my lucky
chips on the other not to say in English
on the right
I was left-wing yeah I was on the right
right side yeah I was left left side he
raises to 1200 it's right right versus
left left eight five suited for Dario 38
no okay he calls slow plain Dario's
range is so wide that virtually any flop
is one that he can represent no matter
if he's raised or smooth call 12 really
tough to play against an opponent like
that it's a straight King on the flop
you can't oh he's gonna Bluff every
plopping almost every on and after Dario
bet 1200 Daniel folds
stacks about even nine tray for Dario
that is more than playable for this
young man Craig he raises to 1200 by
playable I mean raise worthy Negreanu
Jack ten suited he calls Minnie Airy
pairs his three Negreanu pairs his Jack
and checks he knows Dario's almost
always good for a continuation bet Dario
bet 1200 and Daniel raises to 3000 I'm a
little surprised that Daniels taking
this line against Dario oh oh oh check
racing against Dario isn't always the
best way to win a pot because he's very
capable of coming right over the top of
you and with a hand like Jack ten that's
a tough call
Dario called there's the turn card
inside straight draw for Daniel flush
draw for a mini Arry check check
trip jacks for Negreanu on the river
they each check again and the grano
takes the pawn is the best pen what's
that you would love the rules the best
out of three games yeah I would just
like a slower structure yeah fast so
fast
I mean bullets for Negreanu he raises to
1,200 king six Foreman iary Daniel's
sticking to him in raise even though
he's got bullets he knows that Dario's
gonna play the pot and he might even do
what he's doing here and play back Dario
and raised a 3,800 in Daniel just calls
this is exactly what Daniel wants to
have happen Dario's got control of the
pot and he's out of position he's put
3,800 out there this is perfect for him
all clubs on the flop flush draw for
Dario a little less perfect now meanie
Aries got the second nut flush draw on
this board he's firing his continuation
bed Negreanu does not have a club in his
hand after mini Aries 4500 bet Negreanu
calls mini Arry pairs his King on the
turn and checks
Negreanu x' bullets still best I'm a
little surprised that Dario is checked
it
easily could have fired another bet on
the turn here now that he's made top
hair to go with this flush draw
Daniel bets 7,200 Clark
Dario calls here's a little bit of
caution from a guy who definitely is
capable of cheque raising all in in this
spot maybe he didn't like the all Club
board and the smooth call from Daniel on
the flop five of diamonds on the river
Dario checks 31,000 in this pot you know
what I said before when I was playing
him I said he either makes you look like
a genius or a complete fool and this
hand is one of those hands right here
I'm gonna look like an idiot for this
when they're gonna laugh check don't
talk okay that's so bad
Negreanu he takes down a healthy pot we
rejoined the feature table Negreanu with
a two-to-one chip lead at this point
Queens 7 suited for Daniel he raises to
1200 you might get comfortable with the
two-to-one chip lead against certain
players Dario is certainly not one of
them in the area with King six calls
Dario pairs his six on the flop Daniel
with a flush draw near he bets 1200 and
Negreanu calls Daniel adds an open-ended
straight draw on the turn big card for
him I have no idea what to do with this
hand absolutely not so I'm just gonna
close my eyes and call its Dario you
never thought to do against this guy
Watson golf after Dario bet 2,400
Negreanu calls the rag on the river no
help to Daniel Dario checks he doesn't
like the daniel's called him not only on
the flop but on the turn
Daniel bets 4200 what do you see there I
think every 9 like you know you have the
best hand but you don't want to race I
thought Dario folds up for all of that
talk about Dario bluffing daniel says
Touche I can do it as well but he knew
this was gonna
oh sure mini airy with pocket sevens he
knows he has seven it raises the 1602
grata with Ted nine suited he calls
deuce five checking the dark eight all
hearts now you're trying to show him
upset a sevens on the flop firm in the
airy at a fun hand to Negreanu wolves
Dario can't get any action with the
sevens
back at our feature table blinds now six
and twelve hundred is back to a two to
one chip advantage for Daniel Negreanu
ten nine he raises to 2409 tray form in
the air e6000 he raises to six thousand
I love this kid I really I absolutely
this is unbelievable who else can just
comfortably throw six thousand out there
with nine three offsuit out of position
no less Daniel calls here comes the flop
a couple of Spades on the board Dario
quickly checking here check from
Negreanu as well turn pairs the board
six mini Airy bets six thousand and
Daniel wants no part of it he folds
Dario mixes it up so well Craig to go
back to our feature table Negreanu still
with a solid chip advantage pocket kings
for Daniel he raises to 2410 eight for
Dario he raises to 6,000 and you'll
notice Craig that Daniel has remained
very true and consistent to his game
plan in this match which was two men
raised regardless of hand strength if
he's going to raise a pot aces kings
anything Queen Trey for rainbow on the
flop Maneri checks
Daniel bets 6,000
many airy calls scenaries just floating
here he's gonna try to take this pot
away inside straight draw for Dario on
the turn he checks he's actually got a
little something better than ten hi you
can hit the nine to make the straight
[Music]
Daniel bets 8500 Dario goes all-in and
Daniel quickly calls it's a bluff okay
Thierry had an opportunity to reevaluate
the game plan in this hand after Daniel
bet 8,500 but he stuck to it now it
could cost him the match any nine
alright buddy look Dario at risk down to
the river go that he means Negreanu
takes the match and a position in the
round of 16
[Applause]
[Music]
you